Dad, Mom, Yunlan, he just woke up
How about we go out and talk?
Sister-in-law, my parents are not outsiders either.
What can't you say in front of me and my parents?
Your uncle is so interesting
Who is an outsider? I don’t feel angry at all. Say it
What do you want from me?
Didn't I hear that my son-in-law woke up?
Yes, it’s just their impotent temperament
The possibility of this
If you have anything to say, just say it directly
Isn’t it true that money is a bit tight lately?
I want to recruit some from you, I remember
It seems you sold me for a good price
That little money can be used for anything.
Good daughter, Sheng Jie is so valued now.
As long as you say something
Your parents-in-law got a little bit of it in their hands
Give it all to me and your mother
Are you using me as a cash machine?
It seems you are a tough guy now, right?
Xiaonian, tell you the truth
My lover is almost here
I need help thinking of a solution
If you make up for it in battle, you will be an invincible move.
No wonder, no wonder you rinse people
Are your parents willing?
As long as you can get money
Mom and dad will do it for you
My mother's age
She doesn't have a muscle, right?
Please hurry up and give birth to a daughter for my father.
Is it possible to sell it at a relatively good price?